Add cross-deployment dependencies guide (#3684)
astronomer/docs: learn/cross-deployment-dependencies.md

---
title: "Cross-deployment dependencies"
sidebar_label: "Cross-deployment dependencies"
description: "How to implement dependencies between your Airflow deployments."
id: cross-deployment-dependencies
---

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';

> In some cases, locating all related tasks in one DAG is not possible no matter how hard you try to follow best practices. And sometimes the TaskFlow you want to create includes tasks not only in different DAGs but different deployments altogether. For example, one team in your org might want to make a task dependent on a dataset's being updated by a DAG owned by a different org and, hence, located in a different deployment. In this scenario, many of the concepts and best practices for creating [cross-DAG dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md) apply, with one key exception: [Astro Alerts](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/alerts) or the [Airflow API](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/airflow-api) should be used in place of the methods recommended for creating dependencies across DAGs in the same deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cross-DAG dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md) refers to cases where you create dependencies between separate DAGs, rather than locating all related tasks in one DAG. This is particularly relevant if you have DAGs that are dependent but are owned and managed by different teams. It is sometimes necessary to implement these cross-DAG dependencies where the DAGs do not exist in the same Airflow deployment. For example, one team in your org might want to make a task dependent on a dataset's being updated by a DAG owned by a different org and, hence, located in a different deployment. 
```
Given the nature of this doc, we can do away with "all related tasks in the same DAG is best practice" :) Also "TaskFlow" is the name for an API in Airflow that allows for writing DAGs with decorators (like @task) - different from the generic concept of the flow of tasks in your DAGs (naming is always confusing :)

---

> title: "Cross-deployment dependencies"

Reviewer: We'll actually want to put this under astro/best-practices, not on Learn. So it goes in a different folder, and needs to be added to the SidebarsAstro.js so it shows up in the menu
